Metadata: FHIR `Address`-like locations (#443)
the-commons-project/vci-directory: METADATA.md

| `website` | A website where the consumer can get their SMART Health Card or learn where they can get their SMART Health Card |
| `help_line` | A phone number a consumer can call for assistance |
| `issuer_type` | The type of issuer |
| `locations` | A list of locations (see below for details) that the issuer is associated with |

## Location Representation

In order to best represent the reality of a SHC issuer issuing SHCs in multiple
locations, an issuer can be associated to multiple country-state locations.

This location representation is heavily inspired by the [FHIR `Address` type][fhir-address-type].

| Attribute | Meaning |
|-----------|---------|

> | `state` | Which state, province, territory, or other administrative division within a country the issuer represents |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `state` | The state, province, territory, or other administrative division within a country associated with the issuer |
```

Reviewer: A pharmacy chain,for example, may be an issuer, but they do not "represent" the government.

> | `country` | The country the issuer represents as ISO 3166 2 or 3 letter code |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `country` | The country associated with the issuer expressed as ISO 3166 2 or 3 letter code |
```

Each location within the list of `locations` should be independently-defined. For

> example, if an issuer operations in the states of New York and New Jersey, its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, if an issuer has operations in the states of New York and New Jersey, its
```

Author: good catch – thanks.

> `locations` should be represented by (country should not be omitted):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`locations` should include both state and country:
```
